NAME                                                                          VERSION                                              TYPE         
@gar/promisify                                                                1.1.2                                                npm           
@isaacs/string-locale-compare                                                 1.1.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/arborist                                                              4.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/ci-detect                                                             1.4.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/config                                                                2.3.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/disparity-colors                                                      1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/fs                                                                    1.0.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/git                                                                   2.1.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/installed-package-contents                                            1.0.7                                                npm           
@npmcli/map-workspaces                                                        2.0.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/metavuln-calculator                                                   2.0.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/move-file                                                             1.1.2                                                npm           
@npmcli/name-from-folder                                                      1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/node-gyp                                                              1.0.2                                                npm           
@npmcli/package-json                                                          1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/promise-spawn                                                         1.3.2                                                npm           
@npmcli/run-script                                                            2.0.0                                                npm           
@tootallnate/once                                                             1.1.2                                                npm           
@types/node                                                                   12.20.42                                             npm           
CacheControl                                                                  0.12.11                                              python        
JSONStream                                                                    1.3.5                                                npm           
PyGObject                                                                     3.42.1                                               python        
PyJWT                                                                         2.3.0                                                python        
SecretStorage                                                                 3.3.1                                                python        
SecretStorage                                                                 3.3.3                                                python        
abbrev                                                                        1.1.1                                                npm           
adduser                                                                       3.118ubuntu5                                         deb           
agent-base                                                                    4.2.1                                                npm           
agent-base                                                                    4.3.0                                                npm           
agent-base                                                                    6.0.2                                                npm           
agentkeepalive                                                                3.5.2                                                npm           
agentkeepalive                                                                4.1.4                                                npm           
aggregate-error                                                               3.1.0                                                npm           
ajv                                                                           6.12.6                                               npm           
ansi-align                                                                    2.0.0                                                npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    2.1.1                                                npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    3.0.0                                                npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    4.1.0                                                npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.0                                                npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.1                                                npm           
ansi-styles                                                                   3.2.1                                                npm           
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                                npm           
ansicolors                                                                    0.3.2                                                npm           
ansistyles                                                                    0.1.3                                                npm           
aproba                                                                        1.2.0                                                npm           
aproba                                                                        2.0.0                                                npm           
apt                                                                           2.4.8                                                deb           
apt-transport-https                                                           2.4.8                                                deb           
archy                                                                         1.0.0                                                npm           
are-we-there-yet                                                              1.1.4                                                npm           
are-we-there-yet                                                              1.1.6                                                npm           
are-we-there-yet                                                              2.0.0                                                npm           
argcomplete                                                                   2.0.0                                                python        
asap                                                                          2.0.6                                                npm           
asn1                                                                          0.2.4                                                npm           
assert-plus                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
asynckit                                                                      0.4.0                                                npm           
attrs                                                                         22.2.0                                               python        
aws-sign2                                                                     0.7.0                                                npm           
aws4                                                                          1.8.0                                                npm           
balanced-match                                                                1.0.0                                                npm           
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                                npm           
base-files                                                                    12ubuntu4.2                                          deb           
base-passwd                                                                   3.5.52build1                                         deb           
bash                                                                          5.1-6ubuntu1                                         deb           
bcrypt-pbkdf                                                                  1.0.2                                                npm           
bin-links                                                                     1.1.8                                                npm           
bin-links                                                                     2.3.0                                                npm           
binary-extensions                                                             2.2.0                                                npm           
binutils                                                                      2.38-4ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
binutils-common                                                               2.38-4ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                     2.38-4ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
blinker                                                                       1.4                                                  python        
bluebird                                                                      3.5.5                                                npm           
boxen                                                                         1.3.0                                                npm           
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                               npm           
bsdutils                                                                      1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb           
buffer-from                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
build-essential                                                               12.9ubuntu3                                          deb           
buildah                                                                       1.23.1+ds1-2                                         deb           
builtins                                                                      1.0.3                                                npm           
byline                                                                        5.0.0                                                npm           
byte-size                                                                     5.0.1                                                npm           
bzip2                                                                         1.0.8-5build1                                        deb           
ca-certificates                                                               20211016ubuntu0.22.04.1                              deb           
cacache                                                                       12.0.3                                               npm           
cacache                                                                       15.3.0                                               npm           
call-limit                                                                    1.1.1                                                npm           
camelcase                                                                     4.1.0                                                npm           
camelcase                                                                     5.3.1                                                npm           
capture-stack-trace                                                           1.0.0                                                npm           
caseless                                                                      0.12.0                                               npm           
certifi                                                                       2022.12.7                                            python        
cffi                                                                          1.15.1                                               python        
chalk                                                                         2.4.1                                                npm           
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                                npm           
charset-normalizer                                                            3.0.1                                                python        
chownr                                                                        1.1.4                                                npm           
chownr                                                                        2.0.0                                                npm           
ci-info                                                                       1.6.0                                                npm           
ci-info                                                                       2.0.0                                                npm           
cidr-regex                                                                    2.0.10                                               npm           
cidr-regex                                                                    3.1.1                                                npm           
clean-stack                                                                   2.2.0                                                npm           
cleo                                                                          2.0.1                                                python        
cli-boxes                                                                     1.0.0                                                npm           
cli-columns                                                                   3.1.2                                                npm           
cli-columns                                                                   4.0.0                                                npm           
cli-table3                                                                    0.5.1                                                npm           
cli-table3                                                                    0.6.0                                                npm           
click                                                                         8.1.3                                                python        
cliui                                                                         5.0.0                                                npm           
clone                                                                         1.0.4                                                npm           
cloud.google.com/go                                                           v0.81.0                                              go-module     
cmd-shim                                                                      3.0.3                                                npm           
cmd-shim                                                                      4.1.0                                                npm           
code-point-at                                                                 1.1.0                                                npm           
color-convert                                                                 1.9.1                                                npm           
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                                npm           
color-name                                                                    1.1.3                                                npm           
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                                npm           
color-support                                                                 1.1.3                                                npm           
colors                                                                        1.3.3                                                npm           
colors                                                                        1.4.0                                                npm           
columnify                                                                     1.5.4                                                npm           
combined-stream                                                               1.0.6                                                npm           
common-ancestor-path                                                          1.0.1                                                npm           
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                                npm           
concat-stream                                                                 1.6.2                                                npm           
config-chain                                                                  1.1.12                                               npm           
configstore                                                                   3.1.5                                                npm           
conmon                                                                        2.0.25+ds1-1.1                                       deb           
console-control-strings                                                       1.1.0                                                npm           
containerd.io                                                                 1.6.15-1                                             deb           
containernetworking-plugins                                                   0.9.1+ds1-1                                          deb           
copy-concurrently                                                             1.0.5                                                npm           
core-util-is                                                                  1.0.2                                                npm           
corepack                                                                      0.10.0                                               npm           
coreutils                                                                     8.32-4.1ubuntu1                                      deb           
cpp                                                                           4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                                    deb           
cpp-11                                                                        11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
crashtest                                                                     0.4.1                                                python        
create-error-class                                                            3.0.2                                                npm           
cross-spawn                                                                   5.1.0                                                npm           
crun                                                                          0.17+dfsg-1.1                                        deb           
crypto-random-string                                                          1.0.0                                                npm           
cryptography                                                                  3.3.2                                                python        
cryptography                                                                  3.4.8                                                python        
cryptography                                                                  39.0.0                                               python        
curl                                                                          7.81.0-1ubuntu1.7                                    deb           
cyclist                                                                       0.2.2                                                npm           
dash                                                                          0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1              deb           
dashdash                                                                      1.14.1                                               npm           
dbus                                                                          1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                                   deb           
dbus-python                                                                   1.2.18                                               python        
dbus-user-session                                                             1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                                   deb           
dconf-gsettings-backend                                                       0.40.0-3                                             deb           
dconf-service                                                                 0.40.0-3                                             deb           
debconf                                                                       1.5.79ubuntu1                                        deb           
debianutils                                                                   5.5-1ubuntu2                                         deb           
debug                                                                         3.1.0                                                npm           
debug                                                                         4.3.2                                                npm           
debuglog                                                                      1.0.1                                                npm           
decamelize                                                                    1.2.0                                                npm           
decode-uri-component                                                          0.2.0                                                npm           
deep-extend                                                                   0.6.0                                                npm           
defaults                                                                      1.0.3                                                npm           
define-properties                                                             1.1.3                                                npm           
delayed-stream                                                                1.0.0                                                npm           
delegates                                                                     1.0.0                                                npm           
depd                                                                          1.1.2                                                npm           
detect-indent                                                                 5.0.0                                                npm           
detect-newline                                                                2.1.0                                                npm           
dezalgo                                                                       1.0.3                                                npm           
diff                                                                          5.0.0                                                npm           
diffutils                                                                     1:3.8-0ubuntu2                                       deb           
dirmngr                                                                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
distlib                                                                       0.3.6                                                python        
distro                                                                        1.7.0                                                python        
distro-info-data                                                              0.52ubuntu0.2                                        deb           
docker-ce                                                                     5:20.10.22~3-0~ubuntu-jammy                          deb           
docker-ce-cli                                                                 5:20.10.22~3-0~ubuntu-jammy                          deb           
dot-prop                                                                      4.2.1                                                npm           
dotenv                                                                        5.0.1                                                npm           
dpkg                                                                          1.21.1ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
dpkg-dev                                                                      1.21.1ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
dulwich                                                                       0.20.50                                              python        
dumb-init                                                                     1.2.5-2                                              deb           
duplexer3                                                                     0.1.4                                                npm           
duplexify                                                                     3.6.0                                                npm           
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
ecc-jsbn                                                                      0.1.2                                                npm           
editor                                                                        1.0.0                                                npm           
emoji-regex                                                                   7.0.3                                                npm           
emoji-regex                                                                   8.0.0                                                npm           
encoding                                                                      0.1.12                                               npm           
encoding                                                                      0.1.13                                               npm           
end-of-stream                                                                 1.4.1                                                npm           
env-paths                                                                     2.2.0                                                npm           
env-paths                                                                     2.2.1                                                npm           
err-code                                                                      1.1.2                                                npm           
err-code                                                                      2.0.3                                                npm           
errno                                                                         0.1.7                                                npm           
es-abstract                                                                   1.12.0                                               npm           
es-to-primitive                                                               1.2.0                                                npm           
es6-promise                                                                   4.2.8                                                npm           
es6-promisify                                                                 5.0.0                                                npm           
escape-string-regexp                                                          1.0.5                                                npm           
execa                                                                         0.7.0                                                npm           
extend                                                                        3.0.2                                                npm           
extsprintf                                                                    1.3.0                                                npm           
fast-deep-equal                                                               3.1.3                                                npm           
fast-json-stable-stringify                                                    2.0.0                                                npm           
fastest-levenshtein                                                           1.0.12                                               npm           
figgy-pudding                                                                 3.5.1                                                npm           
filelock                                                                      3.9.0                                                python        
find-npm-prefix                                                               1.0.2                                                npm           
find-up                                                                       3.0.0                                                npm           
findutils                                                                     4.8.0-1ubuntu3                                       deb           
flush-write-stream                                                            1.0.3                                                npm           
forever-agent                                                                 0.6.1                                                npm           
form-data                                                                     2.3.2                                                npm           
from2                                                                         1.3.0                                                npm           
from2                                                                         2.3.0                                                npm           
fs-minipass                                                                   1.2.7                                                npm           
fs-minipass                                                                   2.1.0                                                npm           
fs-vacuum                                                                     1.2.10                                               npm           
fs-write-stream-atomic                                                        1.0.10                                               npm           
fs.realpath                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                                npm           
g++                                                                           4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                                    deb           
g++-11                                                                        11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
gauge                                                                         2.7.4                                                npm           
gauge                                                                         3.0.1                                                npm           
gcc                                                                           4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                                    deb           
gcc-11                                                                        11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
gcc-11-base                                                                   11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
gcc-12-base                                                                   12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
genfun                                                                        5.0.0                                                npm           
gentle-fs                                                                     2.3.1                                                npm           
get-caller-file                                                               2.0.5                                                npm           
get-stream                                                                    3.0.0                                                npm           
get-stream                                                                    4.1.0                                                npm           
getpass                                                                       0.1.7                                                npm           
gettext                                                                                                                            java-archive  
gettext                                                                       0.21-4ubuntu4                                        deb           
gettext-base                                                                  0.21-4ubuntu4                                        deb           
gh                                                                            2.21.2                                               deb           
gir1.2-glib-2.0                                                               1.72.0-1                                             deb           
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0                                                     1.2.5-2ubuntu2                                       deb           
git                                                                           1:2.39.0-0ppa1~ubuntu22.04.1                         deb           
git-man                                                                       1:2.39.0-0ppa1~ubuntu22.04.1                         deb           
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.6                                               go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                         v0.11.24                                             go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                                    v0.9.18                                              go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/date                                    v0.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/logger                                           v0.2.1                                               go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/tracing                                          v0.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/MakeNowJust/heredoc                                                v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.9.6                                               go-module     
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                               go-module     
github.com/agl/ed25519                                                        v0.0.0-20170116200512-5312a6153412                   go-module     
github.com/alecthomas/chroma                                                  v0.10.0                                              go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                      v12.0.0                                              go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v13                                      v13.0.0                                              go-module     
github.com/aymerick/douceur                                                   v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/blang/semver                                                       v3.5.1+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/briandowns/spinner                                                 v1.18.1                                              go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.2                                               go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.3                                               go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.2                                               go-module     
github.com/charmbracelet/glamour                                              v0.5.1-0.20220727184942-e70ff2d969da                 go-module     
github.com/charmbracelet/lipgloss                                             v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cli/browser                                                        v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cli/cli/v2                                                         82156f7fd2719f5cca9f8a8738ff4e61561d04aa             go-module     
github.com/cli/crypto                                                         v0.0.0-20210929142629-6be313f59b03                   go-module     
github.com/cli/go-gh                                                          v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cli/oauth                                                          v0.9.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cli/safeexec                                                       v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/cli/shurcooL-graphql                                               v0.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/btrfs                                                   v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.0.4                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              5b842e528e99d4d4c1686467debf2bd4b88ecd86             go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.6                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.6                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.4                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.3                                               go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                              go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                   go-module     
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                               go-module     
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20220725133111-4bf3547399eb                   go-module     
github.com/dlclark/regexp2                                                    v1.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      ed00243a0ce2a0aee75311b06e32d33b44729689             go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v20.10.3-0.20220803220330-418ca3b4d46f+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.1+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v20.10.3-0.20220720171342-a60b458179aa+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.6.4                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c               go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                   go-module     
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/dpotapov/go-spnego                                                 v0.0.0-20210315154721-298b63a54430                   go-module     
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                                                v2.9.5+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/fatih/color                                                        v1.7.0                                               go-module     
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.9                                               go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype                                            v1.4.1                                               go-module     
github.com/gdamore/encoding                                                   v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/gdamore/tcell/v2                                                   v2.5.4                                               go-module     
github.com/git-lfs/git-lfs/v3                                                 (devel)                                              go-module     
github.com/git-lfs/gitobj/v2                                                  v2.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/git-lfs/go-netrc                                                   v0.0.0-20210914205454-f0c862dd687a                   go-module     
github.com/git-lfs/pktline                                                    v0.0.0-20210330133718-06e9096e2825                   go-module     
github.com/git-lfs/wildmatch/v2                                               v2.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.2                                               go-module     
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                               go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                               go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.7.3                                               go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.3.2                                               go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                               go-module     
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                               go-module     
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                                  v4.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.2                                               go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.6                                               go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.8                                               go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                   go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                 v0.5.5                                               go-module     
github.com/gorilla/css                                                        v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                               go-module     
github.com/gorilla/websocket                                                  v1.4.2                                               go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway                                        v1.16.0                                              go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20200930094925-2721b1e36840                   go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-uuid                                                  v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.8.2                                               go-module     
github.com/henvic/httpretty                                                   v0.0.6                                               go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.12                                              go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                              go-module     
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/itchyny/gojq                                                       v0.12.8                                              go-module     
github.com/itchyny/timefmt-go                                                 v0.1.3                                               go-module     
github.com/jcmturner/aescts/v2                                                v2.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/jcmturner/dnsutils/v2                                              v2.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/jcmturner/gofork                                                   v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/jcmturner/goidentity/v6                                            v6.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/jcmturner/gokrb5/v8                                                v8.4.2                                               go-module     
github.com/jcmturner/rpc/v2                                                   v2.0.3                                               go-module     
github.com/joho/godotenv                                                      v1.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                              go-module     
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51                   go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.11.13                                             go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.15.7                                              go-module     
github.com/leonelquinteros/gotext                                             v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/lucasb-eyer/go-colorful                                            v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.13                                              go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.17                                              go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.4                                               go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.14                                              go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                              go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.2-0.20181231171920-c182affec369                 go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                               go-module     
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20200706080929-d51e80ef957d                   go-module     
github.com/microcosm-cc/bluemonday                                            v1.0.20                                              go-module     
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible    go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7                   go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.10.1-0.20220816171719-55ba9d14360a                go-module     
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20210619224110-3f7ff695adc6                   go-module     
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                   go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/muesli/reflow                                                      v0.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/muesli/termenv                                                     v0.12.0                                              go-module     
github.com/muhammadmuzzammil1998/jsonc                                        v0.0.0-20201229145248-615b0916ca38                   go-module     
github.com/olekukonko/tablewriter                                             v0.0.5                                               go-module     
github.com/olekukonko/ts                                                      v0.0.0-20171002115256-78ecb04241c0                   go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.0.3-0.20211202183452-c5a74bcca799                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                5fd4c4d144137e991c4acebb2146ab1483a97925             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.2                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.3                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                              go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.1                                              go-module     
github.com/opentracing/opentracing-go                                         v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.3                                               go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.4                                               go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.0.0-20170505043639-c605e284fe17                   go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                               go-module     
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.11.1                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.12.2                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.30.0                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.32.1                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.7.3                                               go-module     
github.com/rivo/tview                                                         v0.0.0-20221029100920-c4a7e501810d                   go-module     
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.4.2                                               go-module     
github.com/rubyist/tracerx                                                    v0.0.0-20170927163412-787959303086                   go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646                 go-module     
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                   go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/githubv4                                                  v0.0.0-20220520033151-0b4e3294ff00                   go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/graphql                                                   v0.0.0-20220606043923-3cf50f8a0a29                   go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                               go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                               go-module     
github.com/sourcegraph/jsonrpc2                                               v0.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v0.0.3                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.6.1                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.3                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                               go-module     
github.com/ssgelm/cookiejarparser                                             v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                   go-module     
github.com/stretchr/objx                                                      v0.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.7.5                                               go-module     
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                   go-module     
github.com/tchap/go-patricia                                                  v2.2.6+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.6.1                                               go-module     
github.com/thlib/go-timezone-local                                            v0.0.0-20210907160436-ef149e42d28e                   go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20220510150904-0dbf3a8a7d58                   go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                   go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20210615222946-8066bb97264f                   go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                              go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.1-0.20210330154013-f5de75959ad5                 go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                   go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20180127040702-4e3ac2762d5f                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/yuin/goldmark                                                      v1.4.13                                              go-module     
github.com/yuin/goldmark-emoji                                                v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.10.0                                              go-module     
glib-networking                                                               2.72.0-1                                             deb           
glib-networking-common                                                        2.72.0-1                                             deb           
glib-networking-services                                                      2.72.0-1                                             deb           
glob                                                                          7.1.6                                                npm           
glob                                                                          7.2.0                                                npm           
global-dirs                                                                   0.1.1                                                npm           
gnupg                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gnupg-l10n                                                                    2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gnupg-utils                                                                   2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.6                                               go-module     
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                   go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.28.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.29.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.29.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.29.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/internal/metric                                      v0.27.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.27.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.11.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.12.0                                              go-module     
golang-github-containers-common                                               0.44.4+ds1-1                                         deb           
golang-github-containers-image                                                5.16.0-3                                             deb           
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220315160706-3147a52a75dd                   go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220411220226-7b82a4e95df4                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20201224014010-6772e930b67b                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20211112202133-69e39bad7dc2                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220127200216-cd36cc0744dd                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220722155237-a158d28d115b                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220923203811-8be639271d50                   go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20210819190943-2bc19b11175f                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20220722155255-886fb9371eb4                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.1.0                                               go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20210615035016-665e8c7367d1                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20211116061358-0a5406a5449c                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220715151400-c0bba94af5f8                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220722155257-8c9f86f7a55f                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220811171246-fbc7d0a398ab                   go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20210927222741-03fcf44c2211                   go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.3.7                                               go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.5.0                                               go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20210723032227-1f47c861a9ac                   go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8                   go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20200224152610-e50cd9704f63                   go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20200825200019-8632dd797987                   go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20220310185008-1973136f34c6                   go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.47.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.49.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.0                                              go-module     
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                               go-module     
gosu                                                                          1.14-1                                               deb           
got                                                                           6.7.1                                                npm           
gpg                                                                           2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gpg-agent                                                                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gpg-wks-client                                                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gpg-wks-server                                                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gpgconf                                                                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gpgsm                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
gpgv                                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                    deb           
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.4                                                npm           
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.8                                                npm           
grep                                                                          3.7-1build1                                          deb           
gsettings-desktop-schemas                                                     42.0-1ubuntu1                                        deb           
gzip                                                                          1.10-4ubuntu4.1                                      deb           
har-schema                                                                    2.0.0                                                npm           
har-validator                                                                 5.1.5                                                npm           
has                                                                           1.0.3                                                npm           
has-flag                                                                      3.0.0                                                npm           
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                                npm           
has-symbols                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
has-unicode                                                                   2.0.1                                                npm           
hosted-git-info                                                               2.8.9                                                npm           
hosted-git-info                                                               4.0.2                                                npm           
hostname                                                                      3.23ubuntu2                                          deb           
html5lib                                                                      1.1                                                  python        
http-cache-semantics                                                          3.8.1                                                npm           
http-cache-semantics                                                          4.1.0                                                npm           
http-proxy-agent                                                              2.1.0                                                npm           
http-proxy-agent                                                              4.0.1                                                npm           
http-signature                                                                1.2.0                                                npm           
httplib2                                                                      0.20.2                                               python        
https-proxy-agent                                                             2.2.4                                                npm           
https-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.0                                                npm           
humanize-ms                                                                   1.2.1                                                npm           
iconv-lite                                                                    0.4.23                                               npm           
iconv-lite                                                                    0.6.3                                                npm           
idna                                                                          3.4                                                  python        
iferr                                                                         0.1.5                                                npm           
iferr                                                                         1.0.2                                                npm           
ignore-walk                                                                   3.0.3                                                npm           
ignore-walk                                                                   4.0.1                                                npm           
import-lazy                                                                   2.1.0                                                npm           
importlib-metadata                                                            4.6.4                                                python        
importlib-metadata                                                            6.0.0                                                python        
imurmurhash                                                                   0.1.4                                                npm           
indent-string                                                                 4.0.0                                                npm           
inetutils-ping                                                                2:2.2-2                                              deb           
infer-owner                                                                   1.0.4                                                npm           
inflight                                                                      1.0.6                                                npm           
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                                npm           
ini                                                                           1.3.8                                                npm           
ini                                                                           2.0.0                                                npm           
init-package-json                                                             1.10.3                                               npm           
init-package-json                                                             2.0.5                                                npm           
init-system-helpers                                                           1.62                                                 deb           
ip                                                                            1.1.5                                                npm           
ip-regex                                                                      2.1.0                                                npm           
ip-regex                                                                      4.3.0                                                npm           
iptables                                                                      1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                       deb           
is-callable                                                                   1.1.4                                                npm           
is-ci                                                                         1.2.1                                                npm           
is-cidr                                                                       3.0.0                                                npm           
is-cidr                                                                       4.0.2                                                npm           
is-core-module                                                                2.7.0                                                npm           
is-date-object                                                                1.0.1                                                npm           
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       1.0.0                                                npm           
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       2.0.0                                                npm           
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       3.0.0                                                npm           
is-installed-globally                                                         0.1.0                                                npm           
is-lambda                                                                     1.0.1                                                npm           
is-npm                                                                        1.0.0                                                npm           
is-obj                                                                        1.0.1                                                npm           
is-path-inside                                                                1.0.1                                                npm           
is-redirect                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
is-regex                                                                      1.0.4                                                npm           
is-retry-allowed                                                              1.2.0                                                npm           
is-stream                                                                     1.1.0                                                npm           
is-symbol                                                                     1.0.2                                                npm           
is-typedarray                                                                 1.0.0                                                npm           
isarray                                                                       0.0.1                                                npm           
isarray                                                                       1.0.0                                                npm           
isexe                                                                         2.0.0                                                npm           
iso-codes                                                                     4.9.0-1                                              deb           
isstream                                                                      0.1.2                                                npm           
jaraco.classes                                                                3.2.3                                                python        
jeepney                                                                       0.7.1                                                python        
jeepney                                                                       0.8.0                                                python        
jq                                                                            1.6-2.1ubuntu3                                       deb           
jsbn                                                                          0.1.1                                                npm           
json-parse-better-errors                                                      1.0.2                                                npm           
json-parse-even-better-errors                                                 2.3.1                                                npm           
json-schema                                                                   0.2.3                                                npm           
json-schema-traverse                                                          0.4.1                                                npm           
json-stringify-nice                                                           1.1.4                                                npm           
json-stringify-safe                                                           5.0.1                                                npm           
jsonparse                                                                     1.3.1                                                npm           
jsonschema                                                                    4.17.3                                               python        
jsprim                                                                        1.4.1                                                npm           
just-diff                                                                     3.1.1                                                npm           
just-diff-apply                                                               3.0.0                                                npm           
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.4                                              go-module     
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.4                                              go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.4                                              go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.25.0                                              go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.30.0                                              go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b                   go-module     
keyring                                                                       23.13.1                                              python        
keyring                                                                       23.5.0                                               python        
latest-version                                                                3.1.0                                                npm           
launchpadlib                                                                  1.10.16                                              python        
lazr.restfulclient                                                            0.14.4                                               python        
lazr.uri                                                                      1.0.6                                                python        
lazy-property                                                                 1.0.0                                                npm           
libacl1                                                                       2.3.1-1                                              deb           
libapparmor1                                                                  3.0.4-2ubuntu2.1                                     deb           
libappstream4                                                                 0.15.2-2                                             deb           
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                 2.4.8                                                deb           
libarchive13                                                                  3.6.0-1ubuntu1                                       deb           
libargon2-1                                                                   0~20171227-0.3                                       deb           
libasan6                                                                      11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libassuan0                                                                    2.5.5-1build1                                        deb           
libatomic1                                                                    12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libattr1                                                                      1:2.5.1-1build1                                      deb           
libaudit-common                                                               1:3.0.7-1build1                                      deb           
libaudit1                                                                     1:3.0.7-1build1                                      deb           
libavahi-client3                                                              0.8-5ubuntu5                                         deb           
libavahi-common-data                                                          0.8-5ubuntu5                                         deb           
libavahi-common3                                                              0.8-5ubuntu5                                         deb           
libavahi-glib1                                                                0.8-5ubuntu5                                         deb           
libbinutils                                                                   2.38-4ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
libblkid1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                      deb           
libbrotli1                                                                    1.0.9-2build6                                        deb           
libbsd0                                                                       0.11.5-1                                             deb           
libbz2-1.0                                                                    1.0.8-5build1                                        deb           
libc-ares2                                                                    1.18.1-1build1                                       deb           
libc-bin                                                                      2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                      deb           
libc-dev-bin                                                                  2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                      deb           
libc6                                                                         2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                      deb           
libc6-dev                                                                     2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                      deb           
libcap-ng0                                                                    0.7.9-2.2build3                                      deb           
libcap2                                                                       1:2.44-1build3                                       deb           
libcap2-bin                                                                   1:2.44-1build3                                       deb           
libcbor0.8                                                                    0.8.0-2ubuntu1                                       deb           
libcc1-0                                                                      12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libcipm                                                                       4.0.8                                                npm           
libcom-err2                                                                   1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
libcrypt-dev                                                                  1:4.4.27-1                                           deb           
libcrypt1                                                                     1:4.4.27-1                                           deb           
libcryptsetup12                                                               2:2.4.3-1ubuntu1.1                                   deb           
libctf-nobfd0                                                                 2.38-4ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
libctf0                                                                       2.38-4ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
libcurl3-gnutls                                                               7.81.0-1ubuntu1.7                                    deb           
libcurl4                                                                      7.81.0-1ubuntu1.7                                    deb           
libcurl4-openssl-dev                                                          7.81.0-1ubuntu1.7                                    deb           
libdb5.3                                                                      5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                              deb           
libdbus-1-3                                                                   1.12.20-2ubuntu4.1                                   deb           
libdconf1                                                                     0.40.0-3                                             deb           
libdebconfclient0                                                             0.261ubuntu1                                         deb           
libdevmapper1.02.1                                                            2:1.02.175-2.1ubuntu4                                deb           
libdpkg-perl                                                                  1.21.1ubuntu2.1                                      deb           
libdw1                                                                        0.186-1build1                                        deb           
libedit2                                                                      3.1-20210910-1build1                                 deb           
libelf1                                                                       0.186-1build1                                        deb           
liberror-perl                                                                 0.17029-1                                            deb           
libexpat1                                                                     2.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                                     deb           
libext2fs2                                                                    1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
libffi8                                                                       3.4.2-4                                              deb           
libfido2-1                                                                    1.10.0-1                                             deb           
libgcc-11-dev                                                                 11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libgcc-s1                                                                     12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libgcrypt20                                                                   1.9.4-3ubuntu3                                       deb           
libgdbm-compat4                                                               1.23-1                                               deb           
libgdbm6                                                                      1.23-1                                               deb           
libgirepository-1.0-1                                                         1.72.0-1                                             deb           
libglib2.0-0                                                                  2.72.4-0ubuntu1                                      deb           
libglib2.0-bin                                                                2.72.4-0ubuntu1                                      deb           
libglib2.0-data                                                               2.72.4-0ubuntu1                                      deb           
libgmp10                                                                      2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                                deb           
libgnutls30                                                                   3.7.3-4ubuntu1.1                                     deb           
libgomp1                                                                      12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libgpg-error0                                                                 1.43-3                                               deb           
libgpgme11                                                                    1.16.0-1.2ubuntu4                                    deb           
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                              1.19.2-2                                             deb           
libgstreamer1.0-0                                                             1.20.3-0ubuntu1                                      deb           
libhogweed6                                                                   3.7.3-1build2                                        deb           
libicu70                                                                      70.1-2                                               deb           
libidn2-0                                                                     2.3.2-2build1                                        deb           
libintl                                                                       0.21                                                 java-archive  
libip4tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                       deb           
libip6tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                       deb           
libisl23                                                                      0.24-2build1                                         deb           
libitm1                                                                       12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libjq1                                                                        1.6-2.1ubuntu3                                       deb           
libjson-c5                                                                    0.15-3~ubuntu1.22.04.1                               deb           
libk5crypto3                                                                  1.19.2-2                                             deb           
libkeyutils1                                                                  1.6.1-2ubuntu3                                       deb           
libkmod2                                                                      29-1ubuntu1                                          deb           
libkrb5-3                                                                     1.19.2-2                                             deb           
libkrb5support0                                                               1.19.2-2                                             deb           
libksba8                                                                      1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                                     deb           
libldap-2.5-0                                                                 2.5.13+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                         deb           
liblsan0                                                                      12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
liblttng-ust-common1                                                          2.13.1-1ubuntu1                                      deb           
liblttng-ust-ctl5                                                             2.13.1-1ubuntu1                                      deb           
liblttng-ust1                                                                 2.13.1-1ubuntu1                                      deb           
liblz4-1                                                                      1.9.3-2build2                                        deb           
liblzma5                                                                      5.2.5-2ubuntu1                                       deb           
libmd0                                                                        1.0.4-1build1                                        deb           
libmnl0                                                                       1.0.4-3build2                                        deb           
libmount1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                      deb           
libmpc3                                                                       1.2.1-2build1                                        deb           
libmpdec3                                                                     2.5.1-2build2                                        deb           
libmpfr6                                                                      4.1.0-3build3                                        deb           
libncurses6                                                                   6.3-2                                                deb           
libncursesw6                                                                  6.3-2                                                deb           
libnetfilter-conntrack3                                                       1.0.9-1                                              deb           
libnettle8                                                                    3.7.3-1build2                                        deb           
libnfnetlink0                                                                 1.0.1-3build3                                        deb           
libnftnl11                                                                    1.2.1-1build1                                        deb           
libnghttp2-14                                                                 1.43.0-1build3                                       deb           
libnode72                                                                     12.22.9~dfsg-1ubuntu3                                deb           
libnpm                                                                        3.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmaccess                                                                  3.0.2                                                npm           
libnpmaccess                                                                  4.0.3                                                npm           
libnpmconfig                                                                  1.2.1                                                npm           
libnpmdiff                                                                    2.0.4                                                npm           
libnpmexec                                                                    3.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmfund                                                                    2.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmhook                                                                    5.0.3                                                npm           
libnpmhook                                                                    6.0.3                                                npm           
libnpmorg                                                                     1.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmorg                                                                     2.0.3                                                npm           
libnpmpack                                                                    3.0.0                                                npm           
libnpmpublish                                                                 1.1.2                                                npm           
libnpmpublish                                                                 4.0.2                                                npm           
libnpmsearch                                                                  2.0.2                                                npm           
libnpmsearch                                                                  3.1.2                                                npm           
libnpmteam                                                                    1.0.2                                                npm           
libnpmteam                                                                    2.0.4                                                npm           
libnpmversion                                                                 2.0.1                                                npm           
libnpth0                                                                      1.6-3build2                                          deb           
libnpx                                                                        10.2.4                                               npm           
libnsl-dev                                                                    1.3.0-2build2                                        deb           
libnsl2                                                                       1.3.0-2build2                                        deb           
libnuma1                                                                      2.0.14-3ubuntu2                                      deb           
libonig5                                                                      6.9.7.1-2build1                                      deb           
libostree-1-1                                                                 2022.2-3                                             deb           
libp11-kit0                                                                   0.24.0-6build1                                       deb           
libpackagekit-glib2-18                                                        1.2.5-2ubuntu2                                       deb           
libpam-modules                                                                1.4.0-11ubuntu2                                      deb           
libpam-modules-bin                                                            1.4.0-11ubuntu2                                      deb           
libpam-runtime                                                                1.4.0-11ubuntu2                                      deb           
libpam-systemd                                                                249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                    deb           
libpam0g                                                                      1.4.0-11ubuntu2                                      deb           
libpcre2-8-0                                                                  10.39-3ubuntu0.1                                     deb           
libpcre3                                                                      2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb           
libperl5.34                                                                   5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
libpolkit-agent-1-0                                                           0.105-33                                             deb           
libpolkit-gobject-1-0                                                         0.105-33                                             deb           
libpopt0                                                                      1.18-3build1                                         deb           
libprocps8                                                                    2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                                    deb           
libproxy1v5                                                                   0.4.17-2                                             deb           
libpsl5                                                                       0.21.0-1.2build2                                     deb           
libpython3-stdlib                                                             3.10.6-1~22.04                                       deb           
libpython3.10-minimal                                                         3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                     deb           
libpython3.10-stdlib                                                          3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                     deb           
libquadmath0                                                                  12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libreadline8                                                                  8.1.2-1                                              deb           
librtmp1                                                                      2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4                    deb           
libsasl2-2                                                                    2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.1                              deb           
libsasl2-modules-db                                                           2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.1                              deb           
libseccomp2                                                                   2.5.3-2ubuntu2                                       deb           
libselinux1                                                                   3.3-1build2                                          deb           
libsemanage-common                                                            3.3-1build2                                          deb           
libsemanage2                                                                  3.3-1build2                                          deb           
libsepol2                                                                     3.3-1build1                                          deb           
libsmartcols1                                                                 2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                      deb           
libsoup2.4-1                                                                  2.74.2-3                                             deb           
libsoup2.4-common                                                             2.74.2-3                                             deb           
libsqlite3-0                                                                  3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                                    deb           
libss2                                                                        1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
libssh-4                                                                      0.9.6-2build1                                        deb           
libssl3                                                                       3.0.2-0ubuntu1.7                                     deb           
libstdc++-11-dev                                                              11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libstdc++6                                                                    12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libstemmer0d                                                                  2.2.0-1build1                                        deb           
libsystemd0                                                                   249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                    deb           
libtasn1-6                                                                    4.18.0-4build1                                       deb           
libtinfo6                                                                     6.3-2                                                deb           
libtirpc-common                                                               1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                     deb           
libtirpc-dev                                                                  1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                     deb           
libtirpc3                                                                     1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                     deb           
libtsan0                                                                      11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libubsan1                                                                     12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                                deb           
libudev1                                                                      249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                    deb           
libunistring2                                                                 1.0-1                                                deb           
libunwind8                                                                    1.3.2-2build2                                        deb           
libuuid1                                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                      deb           
libuv1                                                                        1.43.0-1                                             deb           
libxml2                                                                       2.9.13+dfsg-1ubuntu0.2                               deb           
libxmlb2                                                                      0.3.6-2build1                                        deb           
libxtables12                                                                  1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                       deb           
libxxhash0                                                                    0.8.1-1                                              deb           
libyajl2                                                                      2.1.0-3build2                                        deb           
libyaml-0-2                                                                   0.2.2-1build2                                        deb           
libzstd1                                                                      1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                                   deb           
linux-libc-dev                                                                5.15.0-58.64                                         deb           
locales                                                                       2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                      deb           
locate-path                                                                   3.0.0                                                npm           
lock-verify                                                                   2.1.0                                                npm           
lockfile                                                                      0.12.2                                               python        
lockfile                                                                      1.0.4                                                npm           
lodash._baseindexof                                                           3.1.0                                                npm           
lodash._baseuniq                                                              4.6.0                                                npm           
lodash._bindcallback                                                          3.0.1                                                npm           
lodash._cacheindexof                                                          3.0.2                                                npm           
lodash._createcache                                                           3.1.2                                                npm           
lodash._createset                                                             4.0.3                                                npm           
lodash._getnative                                                             3.9.1                                                npm           
lodash._root                                                                  3.0.1                                                npm           
lodash.clonedeep                                                              4.5.0                                                npm           
lodash.restparam                                                              3.6.1                                                npm           
lodash.union                                                                  4.6.0                                                npm           
lodash.uniq                                                                   4.5.0                                                npm           
lodash.without                                                                4.4.0                                                npm           
login                                                                         1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                   deb           
logsave                                                                       1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
lowercase-keys                                                                1.0.1                                                npm           
lru-cache                                                                     4.1.5                                                npm           
lru-cache                                                                     5.1.1                                                npm           
lru-cache                                                                     6.0.0                                                npm           
lsb-base                                                                      11.1.0ubuntu4                                        deb           
lsb-release                                                                   11.1.0ubuntu4                                        deb           
lto-disabled-list                                                             24                                                   deb           
make                                                                          4.3-4.1build1                                        deb           
make-dir                                                                      1.3.0                                                npm           
make-fetch-happen                                                             5.0.2                                                npm           
make-fetch-happen                                                             8.0.14                                               npm           
make-fetch-happen                                                             9.1.0                                                npm           
mawk                                                                          1.3.4.20200120-3                                     deb           
meant                                                                         1.0.2                                                npm           
media-types                                                                   7.0.0                                                deb           
mime-db                                                                       1.35.0                                               npm           
mime-types                                                                    2.1.19                                               npm           
minimatch                                                                     3.0.4                                                npm           
minimist                                                                      1.2.5                                                npm           
minipass                                                                      2.9.0                                                npm           
minipass                                                                      3.1.5                                                npm           
minipass-collect                                                              1.0.2                                                npm           
minipass-fetch                                                                1.4.1                                                npm           
minipass-flush                                                                1.0.5                                                npm           
minipass-json-stream                                                          1.0.1                                                npm           
minipass-pipeline                                                             1.2.4                                                npm           
minipass-sized                                                                1.0.3                                                npm           
minizlib                                                                      1.3.3                                                npm           
minizlib                                                                      2.1.2                                                npm           
mississippi                                                                   3.0.0                                                npm           
mkdirp                                                                        0.5.5                                                npm           
mkdirp                                                                        1.0.4                                                npm           
mkdirp-infer-owner                                                            2.0.0                                                npm           
more-itertools                                                                8.10.0                                               python        
more-itertools                                                                9.0.0                                                python        
mount                                                                         2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                      deb           
move-concurrently                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
ms                                                                            2.0.0                                                npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.1                                                npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                                npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                                npm           
msgpack                                                                       1.0.4                                                python        
mute-stream                                                                   0.0.7                                                npm           
mute-stream                                                                   0.0.8                                                npm           
ncurses-base                                                                  6.3-2                                                deb           
ncurses-bin                                                                   6.3-2                                                deb           
negotiator                                                                    0.6.2                                                npm           
netbase                                                                       6.3                                                  deb           
node-fetch-npm                                                                2.0.2                                                npm           
node-gyp                                                                      5.1.0                                                npm           
node-gyp                                                                      8.2.0                                                npm           
nodejs                                                                        12.22.9~dfsg-1ubuntu3                                deb           
nopt                                                                          4.0.3                                                npm           
nopt                                                                          5.0.0                                                npm           
normalize-package-data                                                        2.5.0                                                npm           
normalize-package-data                                                        3.0.3                                                npm           
npm                                                                           6.14.15                                              npm           
npm                                                                           8.1.0                                                npm           
npm-audit-report                                                              1.3.3                                                npm           
npm-audit-report                                                              2.1.5                                                npm           
npm-bundled                                                                   1.1.1                                                npm           
npm-bundled                                                                   1.1.2                                                npm           
npm-cache-filename                                                            1.0.2                                                npm           
npm-cli-docs                                                                  0.1.0                                                npm           
npm-init                                                                      0.0.0                                                npm           
npm-install-checks                                                            3.0.2                                                npm           
npm-install-checks                                                            4.0.0                                                npm           
npm-lifecycle                                                                 3.1.5                                                npm           
npm-logical-tree                                                              1.2.1                                                npm           
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     1.0.1                                                npm           
npm-package-arg                                                               6.1.1                                                npm           
npm-package-arg                                                               8.1.5                                                npm           
npm-packlist                                                                  1.4.8                                                npm           
npm-packlist                                                                  3.0.0                                                npm           
npm-pick-manifest                                                             3.0.2                                                npm           
npm-pick-manifest                                                             6.1.1                                                npm           
npm-profile                                                                   4.0.4                                                npm           
npm-profile                                                                   5.0.4                                                npm           
npm-registry-fetch                                                            11.0.0                                               npm           
npm-registry-fetch                                                            4.0.7                                                npm           
npm-run-path                                                                  2.0.2                                                npm           
npm-user-validate                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
npmlog                                                                        4.1.2                                                npm           
npmlog                                                                        5.0.1                                                npm           
number-is-nan                                                                 1.0.1                                                npm           
oauth-sign                                                                    0.9.0                                                npm           
oauthlib                                                                      3.2.0                                                python        
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                                npm           
object-keys                                                                   1.0.12                                               npm           
object.getownpropertydescriptors                                              2.0.3                                                npm           
once                                                                          1.4.0                                                npm           
opener                                                                        1.5.2                                                npm           
openssh-client                                                                1:8.9p1-3ubuntu0.1                                   deb           
openssl                                                                       3.0.2-0ubuntu1.7                                     deb           
os-homedir                                                                    1.0.2                                                npm           
os-tmpdir                                                                     1.0.2                                                npm           
osenv                                                                         0.1.5                                                npm           
p-finally                                                                     1.0.0                                                npm           
p-limit                                                                       2.2.0                                                npm           
p-limit                                                                       2.3.0                                                npm           
p-locate                                                                      3.0.0                                                npm           
p-map                                                                         4.0.0                                                npm           
p-try                                                                         2.2.0                                                npm           
package-json                                                                  4.0.1                                                npm           
packagekit                                                                    1.2.5-2ubuntu2                                       deb           
packaging                                                                     23.0                                                 python        
pacote                                                                        12.0.2                                               npm           
pacote                                                                        9.5.12                                               npm           
parallel-transform                                                            1.1.0                                                npm           
parse-conflict-json                                                           1.1.1                                                npm           
passwd                                                                        1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                   deb           
patch                                                                         2.7.6-7build2                                        deb           
path-exists                                                                   3.0.0                                                npm           
path-is-absolute                                                              1.0.1                                                npm           
path-is-inside                                                                1.0.2                                                npm           
path-key                                                                      2.0.1                                                npm           
path-parse                                                                    1.0.7                                                npm           
performance-now                                                               2.1.0                                                npm           
perl                                                                          5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
perl-base                                                                     5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
perl-modules-5.34                                                             5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                                    deb           
pexpect                                                                       4.8.0                                                python        
pify                                                                          3.0.0                                                npm           
pinentry-curses                                                               1.1.1-1build2                                        deb           
pip                                                                           22.0.2                                               python        
pip                                                                           22.3.1                                               python        
pipx                                                                          1.1.0                                                python        
pkexec                                                                        0.105-33                                             deb           
pkginfo                                                                       1.9.6                                                python        
platformdirs                                                                  2.6.2                                                python        
podman                                                                        3.4.4+ds1-1ubuntu1                                   deb           
poetry                                                                        1.3.2                                                python        
poetry-core                                                                   1.4.0                                                python        
poetry-plugin-export                                                          1.2.0                                                python        
policykit-1                                                                   0.105-33                                             deb           
polkitd                                                                       0.105-33                                             deb           
prepend-http                                                                  1.0.4                                                npm           
proc-log                                                                      1.0.0                                                npm           
process-nextick-args                                                          2.0.0                                                npm           
procps                                                                        2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                                    deb           
promise-all-reject-late                                                       1.0.1                                                npm           
promise-call-limit                                                            1.0.1                                                npm           
promise-inflight                                                              1.0.1                                                npm           
promise-retry                                                                 1.1.1                                                npm           
promise-retry                                                                 2.0.1                                                npm           
promzard                                                                      0.3.0                                                npm           
proto-list                                                                    1.2.4                                                npm           
protoduck                                                                     5.0.1                                                npm           
prr                                                                           1.0.1                                                npm           
pseudomap                                                                     1.0.2                                                npm           
psl                                                                           1.1.29                                               npm           
ptyprocess                                                                    0.7.0                                                python        
pump                                                                          2.0.1                                                npm           
pump                                                                          3.0.0                                                npm           
pumpify                                                                       1.5.1                                                npm           
punycode                                                                      1.4.1                                                npm           
punycode                                                                      2.1.1                                                npm           
pycparser                                                                     2.21                                                 python        
pyparsing                                                                     2.4.7                                                python        
pyrsistent                                                                    0.19.3                                               python        
python-apt                                                                    2.3.0+ubuntu2.1                                      python        
python-apt-common                                                             2.3.0ubuntu2.1                                       deb           
python3                                                                       3.10.6-1~22.04                                       deb           
python3-apt                                                                   2.3.0ubuntu2.1                                       deb           
python3-blinker                                                               1.4+dfsg1-0.4                                        deb           
python3-cffi-backend                                                          1.15.0-1build2                                       deb           
python3-cryptography                                                          3.4.8-1ubuntu2                                       deb           
python3-dbus                                                                  1.2.18-3build1                                       deb           
python3-distro                                                                1.7.0-1                                              deb           
python3-distutils                                                             3.10.6-1~22.04                                       deb           
python3-gi                                                                    3.42.1-0ubuntu1                                      deb           
python3-httplib2                                                              0.20.2-2                                             deb           
python3-importlib-metadata                                                    4.6.4-1                                              deb           
python3-jeepney                                                               0.7.1-3                                              deb           
python3-jwt                                                                   2.3.0-1ubuntu0.2                                     deb           
python3-keyring                                                               23.5.0-1                                             deb           
python3-launchpadlib                                                          1.10.16-1                                            deb           
python3-lazr.restfulclient                                                    0.14.4-1                                             deb           
python3-lazr.uri                                                              1.0.6-2                                              deb           
python3-lib2to3                                                               3.10.6-1~22.04                                       deb           
python3-minimal                                                               3.10.6-1~22.04                                       deb           
python3-more-itertools                                                        8.10.0-2                                             deb           
python3-oauthlib                                                              3.2.0-1ubuntu0.1                                     deb           
python3-pip                                                                   22.0.2+dfsg-1                                        deb           
python3-pkg-resources                                                         59.6.0-1.2                                           deb           
python3-pyparsing                                                             2.4.7-1                                              deb           
python3-secretstorage                                                         3.3.1-1                                              deb           
python3-setuptools                                                            59.6.0-1.2                                           deb           
python3-six                                                                   1.16.0-3ubuntu1                                      deb           
python3-software-properties                                                   0.99.22.4                                            deb           
python3-wadllib                                                               1.3.6-1                                              deb           
python3-wheel                                                                 0.37.1-2                                             deb           
python3-zipp                                                                  1.0.0-3                                              deb           
python3.10                                                                    3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                     deb           
python3.10-minimal                                                            3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                     deb           
qrcode-terminal                                                               0.12.0                                               npm           
qs                                                                            6.5.2                                                npm           
query-string                                                                  6.8.2                                                npm           
qw                                                                            1.0.1                                                npm           
rapidfuzz                                                                     2.13.7                                               python        
rc                                                                            1.2.8                                                npm           
read                                                                          1.0.7                                                npm           
read-cmd-shim                                                                 1.0.5                                                npm           
read-cmd-shim                                                                 2.0.0                                                npm           
read-installed                                                                4.0.3                                                npm           
read-package-json                                                             2.1.1                                                npm           
read-package-json                                                             4.1.1                                                npm           
read-package-json-fast                                                        2.0.3                                                npm           
read-package-tree                                                             5.3.1                                                npm           
readable-stream                                                               1.1.14                                               npm           
readable-stream                                                               2.3.6                                                npm           
readable-stream                                                               3.6.0                                                npm           
readdir-scoped-modules                                                        1.1.0                                                npm           
readline-common                                                               8.1.2-1                                              deb           
registry-auth-token                                                           3.4.0                                                npm           
registry-url                                                                  3.1.0                                                npm           
request                                                                       2.88.0                                               npm           
requests                                                                      2.28.2                                               python        
requests-toolbelt                                                             0.10.1                                               python        
require-directory                                                             2.1.1                                                npm           
require-main-filename                                                         2.0.0                                                npm           
resolve                                                                       1.10.0                                               npm           
resolve-from                                                                  4.0.0                                                npm           
retry                                                                         0.10.1                                               npm           
retry                                                                         0.12.0                                               npm           
rimraf                                                                        2.7.1                                                npm           
rimraf                                                                        3.0.2                                                npm           
rpcsvc-proto                                                                  1.4.2-0ubuntu6                                       deb           
rsync                                                                         3.2.3-8ubuntu3.1                                     deb           
run-queue                                                                     1.0.3                                                npm           
safe-buffer                                                                   5.1.2                                                npm           
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.0                                                npm           
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                                npm           
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                                npm           
sed                                                                           4.8-1ubuntu2                                         deb           
semver                                                                        5.7.1                                                npm           
semver                                                                        7.3.5                                                npm           
semver-diff                                                                   2.1.0                                                npm           
sensible-utils                                                                0.0.17                                               deb           
session-migration                                                             0.3.6                                                deb           
set-blocking                                                                  2.0.0                                                npm           
setuptools                                                                    59.6.0                                               python        
setuptools                                                                    65.6.3                                               python        
sha                                                                           3.0.0                                                npm           
shebang-command                                                               1.2.0                                                npm           
shebang-regex                                                                 1.0.0                                                npm           
shellingham                                                                   1.5.0.post1                                          python        
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.2                                                npm           
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.3                                                npm           
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.1.2                                               go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.2.0                                               go-module     
six                                                                           1.16.0                                               python        
skopeo                                                                        1.4.1+ds1-1                                          deb           
slide                                                                         1.1.6                                                npm           
smart-buffer                                                                  4.1.0                                                npm           
smart-buffer                                                                  4.2.0                                                npm           
socks                                                                         2.3.3                                                npm           
socks                                                                         2.6.1                                                npm           
socks-proxy-agent                                                             4.0.2                                                npm           
socks-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.1                                                npm           
socks-proxy-agent                                                             6.1.0                                                npm           
software-properties-common                                                    0.99.22.4                                            deb           
sorted-object                                                                 2.0.1                                                npm           
sorted-union-stream                                                           2.1.3                                                npm           
spdx-correct                                                                  3.0.0                                                npm           
spdx-correct                                                                  3.1.1                                                npm           
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.1.0                                                npm           
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.3.0                                                npm           
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.0                                                npm           
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.1                                                npm           
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.10                                               npm           
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.5                                                npm           
split-on-first                                                                1.1.0                                                npm           
sshpk                                                                         1.14.2                                               npm           
ssri                                                                          6.0.2                                                npm           
ssri                                                                          8.0.1                                                npm           
stream-each                                                                   1.2.2                                                npm           
stream-iterate                                                                1.2.0                                                npm           
stream-shift                                                                  1.0.0                                                npm           
strict-uri-encode                                                             2.0.0                                                npm           
string-width                                                                  1.0.2                                                npm           
string-width                                                                  2.1.1                                                npm           
string-width                                                                  3.1.0                                                npm           
string-width                                                                  4.2.2                                                npm           
string-width                                                                  4.2.3                                                npm           
string_decoder                                                                0.10.31                                              npm           
string_decoder                                                                1.1.1                                                npm           
string_decoder                                                                1.3.0                                                npm           
stringify-package                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    3.0.1                                                npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    4.0.0                                                npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    5.2.0                                                npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.0                                                npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.1                                                npm           
strip-eof                                                                     1.0.0                                                npm           
strip-json-comments                                                           2.0.1                                                npm           
sudo                                                                          1.9.9-1ubuntu2.1                                     deb           
supports-color                                                                5.4.0                                                npm           
supports-color                                                                7.2.0                                                npm           
systemd                                                                       249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                    deb           
systemd-sysv                                                                  249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                    deb           
sysvinit-utils                                                                3.01-1ubuntu1                                        deb           
tar                                                                           1.34+dfsg-1build3                                    deb           
tar                                                                           4.4.19                                               npm           
tar                                                                           6.1.11                                               npm           
term-size                                                                     1.2.0                                                npm           
text-table                                                                    0.2.0                                                npm           
through                                                                       2.3.8                                                npm           
through2                                                                      2.0.3                                                npm           
timed-out                                                                     4.0.1                                                npm           
tiny-relative-date                                                            1.3.0                                                npm           
tomli                                                                         2.0.1                                                python        
tomlkit                                                                       0.11.6                                               python        
tough-cookie                                                                  2.4.3                                                npm           
treeverse                                                                     1.0.4                                                npm           
trove-classifiers                                                             2023.1.12                                            python        
tunnel-agent                                                                  0.6.0                                                npm           
tweetnacl                                                                     0.14.5                                               npm           
typedarray                                                                    0.0.6                                                npm           
typedarray-to-buffer                                                          3.1.5                                                npm           
ubuntu-keyring                                                                2021.03.26                                           deb           
uid-number                                                                    0.0.6                                                npm           
uidmap                                                                        1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                   deb           
umask                                                                         1.1.0                                                npm           
unique-filename                                                               1.1.1                                                npm           
unique-slug                                                                   2.0.0                                                npm           
unique-slug                                                                   2.0.2                                                npm           
unique-string                                                                 1.0.0                                                npm           
unpipe                                                                        1.0.0                                                npm           
unzip                                                                         6.0-26ubuntu3.1                                      deb           
unzip-response                                                                2.0.1                                                npm           
update-notifier                                                               2.5.0                                                npm           
uri-js                                                                        4.4.0                                                npm           
url-parse-lax                                                                 1.0.0                                                npm           
urllib3                                                                       1.26.14                                              python        
userpath                                                                      1.8.0                                                python        
usrmerge                                                                      25ubuntu2                                            deb           
util-deprecate                                                                1.0.2                                                npm           
util-extend                                                                   1.0.3                                                npm           
util-linux                                                                    2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                      deb           
util-promisify                                                                2.1.0                                                npm           
uuid                                                                          3.3.3                                                npm           
validate-npm-package-license                                                  3.0.4                                                npm           
validate-npm-package-name                                                     3.0.0                                                npm           
verror                                                                        1.10.0                                               npm           
virtualenv                                                                    20.17.1                                              python        
wadllib                                                                       1.3.6                                                python        
walk-up-path                                                                  1.0.0                                                npm           
wcwidth                                                                       1.0.1                                                npm           
webencodings                                                                  0.5.1                                                python        
wget                                                                          1.21.2-2ubuntu1                                      deb           
wheel                                                                         0.37.1                                               python        
wheel                                                                         0.38.4                                               python        
which                                                                         1.3.1                                                npm           
which                                                                         2.0.2                                                npm           
which-module                                                                  2.0.0                                                npm           
wide-align                                                                    1.1.2                                                npm           
wide-align                                                                    1.1.3                                                npm           
widest-line                                                                   2.0.1                                                npm           
worker-farm                                                                   1.7.0                                                npm           
wrap-ansi                                                                     5.1.0                                                npm           
wrappy                                                                        1.0.2                                                npm           
write-file-atomic                                                             2.4.3                                                npm           
write-file-atomic                                                             3.0.3                                                npm           
xdg-basedir                                                                   3.0.0                                                npm           
xtend                                                                         4.0.1                                                npm           
xz-utils                                                                      5.2.5-2ubuntu1                                       deb           
y18n                                                                          4.0.1                                                npm           
yallist                                                                       2.1.2                                                npm           
yallist                                                                       3.0.3                                                npm           
yallist                                                                       3.1.1                                                npm           
yallist                                                                       4.0.0                                                npm           
yargs                                                                         14.2.3                                               npm           
yargs-parser                                                                  15.0.1                                               npm           
zip                                                                           3.0-12build2                                         deb           
zipp                                                                          1.0.0                                                python        
zipp                                                                          3.11.0                                               python        
zlib1g                                                                        1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                             deb           
zlib1g-dev                                                                    1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                             deb           
zsh                                                                           5.8.1-1                                              deb           
zsh-common                                                                    5.8.1-1                                              deb           
zsh-doc                                                                       5.8.1-1                                              deb           
zstd                                                                          1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                                   deb           
